feat: add `blas/ext/base/zindex-of-truthy` (#12996)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/zindex-of-truthy/README.md

```javascript
var Complex128Array = require( '@stdlib/array/complex128' );

var x = new Complex128Array( [ 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 2.0, 4.0, 5.0 ] );

var idx = zindexOfTruthy.ndarray( x.length, x, 1, 0 );
// returns 1
```

The function has the following additional parameters:

-   **offsetX**: starting index.

While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting index. For example, to access only the last three elements of the strided array:

```javascript
var Complex128Array = require( '@stdlib/array/complex128' );

var x = new Complex128Array( [ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 2.0 ] );

var idx = zindexOfTruthy.ndarray( 3, x, 1, x.length-3 );
// returns 2
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   A complex number is truthy when at least one of its real or imaginary components is truthy.

> -   If the function is unable to find a truthy element, the function returns `-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If unable to find a truthy element, both functions return `-1`.
```

```c
CBLAS_INT stdlib_strided_zindex_of_truthy( const CBLAS_INT N, const stdlib_complex128_t *X, const CBLAS_INT strideX );
```

#### stdlib_strided_zindex_of_truthy_ndarray( N, \*X, strideX, offsetX )

Returns the index of the first truthy element in a double-precision complex floating-point strided array using alternative indexing semantics.

```c
#include "stdlib/complex/float64/ctor.h"

const double x[] = { 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 2.0 };

int idx = stdlib_strided_zindex_of_truthy_ndarray( 2, (const stdlib_complex128_t *)x, 1, 0 );
// returns 1
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **N**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` number of indexed elements.
-   **X**: `[in] stdlib_complex128_t*` input array.
-   **strideX**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride length.
-   **offsetX**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` starting index.

```c
CBLAS_INT stdlib_strided_zindex_of_truthy_ndarray( const CBLAS_INT N, const stdlib_complex128_t *X, const CBLAS_INT strideX, const CBLAS_INT offsetX );
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

### Notes

> -   A complex number is truthy when at least one of its real or imaginary components is truthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A complex number is truthy when at least one of its real or imaginary components is truthy.
-   If unable to find a truthy element, both functions return `-1`.
```

limitations under the License.

-->

# zindexOfTruthy

> Return the index of the first truthy element in a double-precision complex floating-point strided array.

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var zindexOfTruthy = require( '@stdlib/blas/ext/base/zindex-of-truthy' );
```

#### zindexOfTruthy( N, x, strideX )

Returns the index of the first truthy element in a double-precision complex floating-point strided array.

```javascript
var Complex128Array = require( '@stdlib/array/complex128' );

var x = new Complex128Array( [ 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 2.0, 4.0, 5.0 ] );

var idx = zindexOfTruthy( x.length, x, 1 );
// returns 1
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **N**: number of indexed elements.
-   **x**: input [`Complex128Array`][@stdlib/array/complex128].
-   **strideX**: stride length.

A complex number is truthy when at least one of its real or imaginary components is truthy.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
